of clock speed
of solar flares
of electromagnetic radiation from satellite debris
of static from nylon underwear
of static from plastic slide rules
of global warming
of poor power conditioning
of static buildup
of the doppler effect
of hardware stress fractures
of magnetic interference from credit cards
of dry joints on cable plug
we're waiting for the phone company to fix that line
of a Windows problem, try calling Microsoft support
of a temporary routing anomaly
somebody was calculating pi on the server
of fat electrons in the lines
of excess surge protection
of a floating point processor overflow
of a divide-by-zero error
of a POSIX compliance problem
your monitor resolution is too high
of an improperly oriented keyboard
of network packets travelling uphill (use a carrier pigeon)
of decreasing electron flux
first Saturday after first full moon in Winter
of radiosity depletion
of a broken CPU radiator
it works the way the Wang did, what's the problem
of a positron router malfunction
of cellular telephone interference
of techtonic stress
of piezo-electric interference
of (l)user error
it's working as designed
of a corrupted dynamic software linking table
of heavy gravity fluctuation, try moving your computer to to floor rapidly
the secretary plugged their hairdryer into the UPS
of terrorist activities
of not enough memory, go get system upgrade
of an interrupt configuration error
spaghetti cable caused packet failure
the boss forgot system password
of a bank holiday - system operating credits not recharged
of a virus attack, luser responsible
a waste water tank overflowed onto the computer
of a complete transient lockout
of bad ether in the cables
of bogon emissions
of a change in Earth's rotational speed
of cosmic ray particles crashed through the hard disk platter
the smell from unhygienic janitorial staff wrecked the tape heads
the  hamster in running wheel had a coronary; waiting for replacement to be fed-exed from Wyoming
evil dogs hypnotised the night shift
the plumber mistook the routing panel for a decorative wall fixture
electricians made popcorn in the power supply
groundskeepers stole the root password
of a high pressure system failure
of failed trials, system needs redesigning
the system has been recalled
it was not approved by the FCC
you need to wrap the system in aluminum foil to fix problem
it's not properly grounded, please bury your computer
your CPU needs recalibration
your system needs to be rebooted
of a bit bucket overflow
descramble code is needed from a software company
it's only available on a need to know basis
a knot in cables caused data stream to become twisted and kinked
nesting roaches shorted out the ether cable
the file system is full of it
Satan did it
Daemons did it
you're out of memory
there isn't any problem
of an unoptimized hard drive
of a typo in the code
of a design limitation
Windows 3.1 IS a General Protection Fault.
that's a great computer you have there; but have you considered how it would work as a BSD machine?
I have to circuit an AC line through my head to get this database working.
yo mama dresses you funny and you need a mouse to delete files.
the support staff is hung over, send aspirin and come back LATER.
someone is standing on the ethernet cable, causing a kink in the cable
of a Windows 95 undocumented "feature"
of runt packets
the password is too complex to decrypt
the boss' kid fucked up the machine
of electromagnetic energy loss
of budget cuts
a mouse chewed through power cable
of a stale file handle (next time use Tupperware(tm)!)
the feature is not yet implemented
of an internet outage
of a Pentium FDIV bug
the vendor no longer supports the product
of a small animal kamikaze attack on power supplies
a vendor put the bug there.
SIMM crosstalk.
an IRQ dropout
a collapsed Backbone
the power company is testing the new voltage spike (creation) equipment
the operator is on strike due to broken coffee machine
the backup tape was overwritten with copy of system manager's favourite CD
UPS interrupted the server's power
the electrician didn't know what the yellow cable was so he yanked the ethernet out.
the keyboard isn't plugged in
the air conditioning water supply pipe ruptured over the machine room
the electricity substation in the car park blew up.
the rolling stones concert down the road caused a brown out
the salesman drove over the CPU board.
the monitor is plugged into the serial port
the root nameservers are out of sync
of electro-magnetic pulses from French above ground nuke testing.
your keyboard's space bar is generating spurious keycodes.
the real ttys became pseudo ttys and vice-versa.
the printer thinks its a router.
the router thinks its a printer.
of evil hackers from Serbia.
we just switched to FDDI.
the halon system went off and killed the operators.
Bill Gates is a Jehovah's witness and so nothing can work on St. Swithin's day.
the user to computer ratio is too high.
the user to computer ration is too low.
we just switched to Sprint.
it has Intel Inside
of sticky bits on disk.
the power company is having EMP problems with their reactor
the ring needs another token
new management
telnet: Unable to connect to remote host: Connection refused
SCSI Chain overterminated
it's not plugged in.
of network lag due to too many people playing deathmatch
you put the disk in upside down.
of loose daemons in system.
the user was distributing pornography on server; system seized by FBI.
of a BNC (brain not connected) error
of a UBNC (user brain not connected) error
of an LBNC (luser brain not connected) error
the disks are spinning backwards - toggle the hemisphere jumper.
the new guy cross-connected phone lines with ac power bus.
we had to use hammer to free stuck disk drive heads.
there's too few computrons available.
of a flat tire on station wagon with tapes. 
our communications satellite is being used by the military for star wars.
a party-bug in the Aloha protocol.
you must insert a coin for a new game
of dew on the telephone lines.
Arcserve crashed the server again.
someone needed the powerstrip, so they pulled the switch plug.
my pony-tail hit the on/off switch on the power strip.
of a big to little endian conversion error
you can tune a file system, but you can't tune a fish.
of a dumb terminal
of zombie processes haunting the computer
of incorrect time synchronization
of defunct processes
of stubborn processes
of a non-redundant fan failure 
of monitor VLF leakage
of bugs in the RAID
you have no "any" key on keyboard
root rot
Backbone Scoliosis
your file is at /pub/lunch
excessive collisions & not enough packet ambulances
le0: no carrier: transceiver cable problem?
of broadcast packets on the wrong frequency
the popper is unable to process the jumbo kernel
filesystem /dev/null is full
of a pseudo-user on a pseudo-terminal
of recursive traversal of loopback mount points
of a backbone adjustment
the OS swapped to disk
of vapors from evaporating sticky-note adhesives
of sticktion
of a short leg on the process table
of multicasts on broken packets
of an ether leak
of Atilla the Hub
of endothermal recalibration
the filesystem is not big enough for Jumbo Kernel Patch
loop found in loop in redundant loopback
the system consumed all the paper for paging
permission denied
we're reformatting the page. please wait...
of a disk or the processor on fire.
the SCSI is too wide.
of proprietary information.
someone typed 'mv * /dev/null'.
of a runaway cat on system.
you didn't pay the new support fee
we only support a 1200 bps connection.
we only support a 28000 bps connection.
me no internet, only janitor, me just wax floors.
a pentium won't do, you need an SGI to connect with us.
Post-it Note sludge leaked into the monitor.
the curls in your keyboard cord are losing electricity.
the monitor needs another box of pixels.
of a RPC_PMAP_FAILURE
of a kernel panic: write-only-memory (/dev/wom0) capacity exceeded.
the write-only-memory subsystem is too slow for this machine. Contact your local dealer.
we should get more lines so we don't have voice lines.
quantum dynamics are affecting the transistors
police are examining all internet packets in the search for a narco-net-trafficker
we are currently trying a new concept of using a live mouse.  Unfortunately, one has yet to survive being hooked up to the computer... please bear with us.
your mail is being routed through Germany ... and they're censoring us.
only people with names beginning with 'A' are getting mail this week (a la Microsoft)
we didn't pay the Internet bill and it's been cut off.
of lightning strikes.
of course it doesn't work. We've performed a software upgrade.
you need to change your language to Finnish.
fluorescent lights are generating negative ions. If turning them off doesn't work, take them out and put tin foil on the ends.
of high nuclear activity in your area.
your building was built over the universities first nuclear research site. And wow, aren't you the lucky one, your office is right over where the core is buried!
the MGs ran out of gas.
the UPS doesn't have a battery backup.
of recursivity.  Call back if it happens again.
someone thought The Big Red Button was a light switch.
the mainframe needs to rest.  It's getting old, you know.
... Actually, I'm not sure.  Try calling the Internet's head office -- it's in the book.
the lines are all busy (busied out, that is -- why let them in to begin with?).
of those computer people at The Eye.  They keep stuffing things up.
a star wars satellite accidently blew up the WAN.
of a fatal error right in front of screen
that function is not currently supported, but Bill Gates assures us it will be featured in the next upgrade.
of the wrong polarity of neutron flow
the standard luser's learning curve appears to be fractal
we had to turn off that service to comply with the CDA Bill.
of ionization from the air-conditioning
TCP/IP UDP alarm threshold is set too low.
someone is broadcasting pygmy packets and the router doesn't know how to deal with them.
the new frame relay network hasn't bedded down the software loop transmitter yet. 
the fanout is dropping voltage too much, try cutting some of those little traces
the plate voltage is too low on the demodulator tube
you did wha... oh dear....
the CPU needs bearings repacked
there's too many little pins on CPU confusing it, bend back and forth until 10-20% are neatly removed. Do not leave metal bits visible!
the software uses US measurements, but the OS is in metric...
the computer fled, mouse and all.
your cat tried to eat the mouse.
the Borg tried to assimilate your system. Resistance is futile.
of the lightning storm we had yesterday
of the lightning storm we had last week
of the lightning storm we had last month
we have been forced to cut back on the number of users able to access the system at one time due to Federal Budget problems.
there's too much radiation coming from the soil.
we have run out of bits. Don't worry, the next supply will be coming next week.
the program load was too heavy for processor to lift.
your processes are running slowly due to a weak power supply
our ISP is having switching problems
our ISP is having routing problems
our ISP is having SMDS problems
our ISP is having frame relay problems
we've run out of licenses
of interference from lunar radiation
there's only standing room on the bus.
you need to install an RTFM interface.
the software doesn't work.
that's easy to fix, but I can't be bothered.
someone's tie is caught in the printer, and if anything else gets printed, he'll be in it too.
we're upgrading /dev/null
the Usenet news is out of date
our POP server was kidnapped by a weasel.
it's stuck in the Web.
your modem doesn't speak English.
the mouse escaped.
all of the packets are empty.
the UPS is on strike.
of a neutrino overload on the nameserver
of melting hard drives
someone has messed up the kernel pointers
the kernel license has expired
Netscape has crashed
the cord jumped over and hit the power switch.
you touched it.
of bit rot
the U.S. Postal Service
your Flux Capacitor has gone bad.
the Dilithium Crystals need to be rotated.
the static electricity routing is acting up.
a traceroute says that there is a routing problem in the backbone.  It's not our problem.
the co-locator cannot verify the frame-relay gateway to the ISDN server.
high altitude condensation from U.S.A.F prototype aircraft has contaminated the primary subnet mask. Turn off your computer for 9 days to avoid damaging it.
the lawn mower blades in your fan need sharpening
our electrons are on a bender
telecommunications is upgrading. 
telecommunications is downgrading.
telecommunications is downshifting.
the hard drive is sleeping. Let it wake up on it's own.
of interference between the keyboard and the chair.
the CPU has shifted, and become decentralized.
we no longer have a root account due to the CDA.
we ran out of dial tone and we're and waiting for the phone company to deliver another bottle.
you must've hit the wrong any key.
of a PCMCIA slave driver
the token fell out of the ring. Call us when you find it.
the hardware bus needs a new token.
of too many interrupts
of not enough interrupts
the data on your hard drive is out of balance.
the Digital Manipulator is exceeding velocity parameters
there appears to be a Slow/Narrow SCSI-0 Interface problem
of a microelectronic Riemannian curved-space fault in the write-only file system
there's some fractal radiation jamming the backbone
of routing problems on the neural net
IRQ problems with the Un-Interruptible-Power-Supply
the CPU-angle has to be adjusted because of vibrations coming from the nearby road
of emissions from GSM-phones
the CD-ROM server needs recalibration
the firewall needs cooling
of an asynchronous inode failure
of a transient bus protocol violation
of incompatible bit-registration operators
your process is not ISO 9000 compliant
you need to upgrade your VESA local bus to a MasterCard local bus.
of the recent proliferation of nuclear testing
our elves are on strike. (Why do they call EMAG Elf Magic)
the internet exceeded the luser cap, please wait until a luser logs off before attempting to log back on.
your page is now being delivered by the USPS.
your computer hasn't been returning all the bits it gets from the Internet.
you've been infected by the Telescoping Hubble virus.
of a scheduled global CPU outage
your Pentium has a heating problem - try cooling it with ice cold water.(Do not turn off your computer, you do not want to cool down the Pentium Chip while he isn't working, do you?)
your processor has processed too many instructions.  Turn it off immediately, do not type any commands!!
your packets were eaten by the terminator
your processor does not develop enough heat.
we need a licensed electrician to replace the light bulbs in the computer room.
the POP server is out of Coke
our fiber optics caused gas main leak
the server is depressed and needs Prozac
of quantum decoherence
of those damn raccoons!
of a suboptimal routing experience
a plumber is needed, the network drain is clogged
50% of the manual is in .pdf readme files
the AA battery in the wallclock sends magnetic interference
the xy axis in the trackball is coordinated with the summer solstice
the butane lighter causes the pincushioning
old inkjet cartridges emanate barium-based fumes
of a manager in the cable duct
of a critical bug that we'll fix in the next update.
of an HTTPD Error 666 : BOFH was here
of an HTTPD Error 4004 : very old Intel cpu - insufficient processing power
the ATM board has run out of 10 pound notes.  We are having a whip round to refill it, care to contribute?
of a network failure -  call NBC
we're having to manually track the satellite.
your computer has suffered a memory leak, and we're waiting for it to be topped up.
our computers have suffered a memory leak, and we're waiting for them to be topped up.
the rubber band broke
we're on Token Ring, and it looks like the token got loose.
stray Alpha Particles from memory packaging caused Hard Memory Error on Server.
of a paradigm shift...without a clutch
the problem exists between keyboard and chair
the cables are not the same length.
of a second-system effect.
of chewing gum on /dev/sd3c
boredom in the kernel.
of the daemons! The daemons! The terrible daemons!
the Boss won't let me near a computer. 
we were struck by the Good Times virus
your parity check is overdrawn and you're out of cache.
communist revolutionaries are taking over the server room and demanding all the computers in the building or they shoot the sysadmin. Poor misguided fools.
of a plasma conduit breach
we're out of cards on drive D:
of sand fleas eating the Internet cables
the parallel processors are running perpendicular today
the ATM cell has no roaming feature turned on, notebooks can't connect
our webmasters were kidnapped by an evil cult.
of a failure to adjust for daylight savings time.
of a virus transmitted from computer to sysadmins.
of a virus due to computers having unsafe sex.
of incorrectly configured static routes on the corerouters.
we were forced to support NT servers and the sysadmins quit.
a suspicious pointer corrupted virtual machine
of the InterNIC's.
budget cuts forced us to sell all the power cords for the servers.
someone hooked the twisted pair wires into the answering machine.
our operators were killed by year 2000 bug bite.
we've picked COBOL as the language of choice.
our operators were killed when huge stack of backup tapes fell over.
the robotic tape changer mistook operator's tie for a backup tape.
someone was smoking in the computer room and set off the halon systems.
your processor has taken a ride to Heaven's Gate on the UFO behind Hale-Bopp's comet.
of an ID-10-T error
of dyslexics retyping hosts file on servers
the internet is being scanned for viruses.
your computer's union contract is set to expire at midnight.
of bad user karma.
/dev/clue was linked to /dev/null
of increased sunspot activity.
we already sent around a notice about that.
it's union rules. There's nothing we can do about it. Sorry.
of interference from the Van Allen Belt.
Jupiter is aligned with Mars.
of redundant ACLs. 
the mail server was hit by UniSpammer.
T-1's are congested due to porn traffic to the news server.
the data for intranet got routed through the extranet and landed on the internet.
we are a 100% Microsoft Shop.
we are Microsoft.  What you are experiencing is not a problem; it is an undocumented feature.
sales staff sold a product we don't offer.
the secretary sent chain letter to all 5000 employees.
the sysadmin didn't hear pager go off due to loud music from bar-room speakers.
the sysadmin accidentally destroyed pager with a large hammer.
the sysadmins are unavailable because they are in a meeting talking about why they are unavailable so much.
bad cafeteria food landed all the sysadmins in the hospital.
of route flapping at the NAP.
our computers are underwater due to SYN flooding.
the vulcan death ping has been applied.
the electrical conduits in machine room are melting.
of a traffic jam on the Information Superhighway.
of Radial Telemetry Infiltration
some cow-tippers tipped a cow onto the server.
tachyon emissions are overloading the system
the maintenance window is broken
we're out of slots on the server
the computer is room being moved.  Our systems are down for the weekend.
the sysadmins are busy fighting SPAM.
repeated reboots of the system failed to solve problem
the feature was not beta tested
the domain controller is not responding
someone else stole your IP address, call the Internet detectives!
it's not RFC-822 compliant.
the operation failed because: there is no message for this error (#1014)
the stop bit was received
internet is needed to catch the etherbunny
the network is down, IP packets ar enow delivered via UPS
of a firmware update in the coffee machine
of a temporal anomaly
our mouse has an out-of-cheese-error
our borg implants are failing
borg nanites have infested the server
one bad user has been found in front of the screen
the internet shut down due to maintenance
a daemon escaped from pentagram
of crop circles in the corn shell
our sticky bit has come loose
our hot Java has gone cold
of a cache miss - please take better aim next time
the hash table has woodworm
the trojan horse ran out of hay
zombie processes have been detected, the machine is haunted.
overflow error in /dev/null
your browser's cookie is corrupted -- someone's been nibbling on it.
the mailer-daemon is busy burning your message in hell.
it's by design, according to Microsoft
vi needs to be upgraded to vii
greenpeace free'd the mallocs
terrorists crashed an airplane into the server room, have to remove /bin/laden.
of astropneumatic oscillations in the water-cooling
somebody ran the operating system through a spelling checker.
of rhythmic variations in the voltage reaching the power supply.
of a keyboard actuator failure.
of a packet held up at customs.
of a propagation delay.
of high line impedance.
of power surges on the Underground.
it's been deprecated. The new one is worse.
of excess condensation in cloud network
of a layer 8 problem
the math co-processor had an overflow error that leaked out and shorted the RAM
a leap second overloaded our RHEL6 servers
the DNS server drank too much and had a hiccup
your machine had the fuses in backwards.